Where in Game(What was Clicked):What is Said

Start (at first visit): Arthur: Where is that sword? Excalibur? Excalibur, where did you run off too.
	Oh, hello. Have you seen a sword around here?

Start (Click Lake): You found the magic sword, Excalibur!

Start (Give Sword to Arthur): Yes! There it is, thank you! What is your name, so I may thank you proper?
Start (Hit submit on name button): Arthur: Ah {Name}, that's a fine name. I, King Arthur of Britain, knight you Sir {Name}, the royal investigator.
Now then, we need to celebrate! Will you help me round up the Knights of the Round Table so we can have a proper party?
Yes/No
	Yes: Good! Let's head out
	No: You're modest, but I insist, let's head out. 

Three directions: Shack/East/West

Merlin's Shack (at first visit):
Arthur: Merlin my friend, how are you?
Merlin: My dear Arthur, I am well. What do I owe this honor? 
Arthur: My Royal Detective and I are on a journey to round up all the Knights of the Round table for a banquet. Will you be joining us?
Merlin: I would be honored, but I cannot leave right now. I have lost my wand and I do not want to travel without it. If you can find my wand, I will certainly attend. 
Arthur: Alright Merlin, I will look for your wand. 

Merlin's Shack (Click Soup): Merlin: Do be careful, that soup is very hot!
	Arthur: It does smell delicious though.
	Merlin: Hang on Arthur, I will give you some to go. Handle with care, it's piping!
	
	Get Soup: Merlin gave you some hot soup! It smells great, but it's too hot to eat now, hang onto it. 

Merlin's Shack (Give Wand): Merlin: My wand! My wand! Thank you for your help. 
	Let me see if it still works, ha!
	{Armored Girdle Appears}
	Well... that was unexpected. Here, Arthur, you probably could find a use for this
Get Girdle: You got an armored... girdle? Who could possibly want this?
	Merlin: Alright, my wand is working, for the most part
	I will leave for the banquent, but please allow me to finish up some minor preparations first. 
	

Merlin's Shack (Leave Shack):

Start (Click East): 

Lancelot(at first visit): Arthur: Hail! There is my bravest knight, Sir Lancelot du Lac. Fair Lancelot, how are you?
	Lancelot: My lord, I wish to collect the Holy Grail in your glory, but I cannot without help.
	Sir Bors and Sir Agravain were suppose to meet me here hours ago, but they are nowhere to be found
	I do not wish to push onto you my burdens, but can you search for Bors and Agravain for me?
	Arthur: We will

Lancelot:(Click on Wand): You found Merlin's Wand. How did this get here?

Lancelot (Leave Forest):

Start:(Go West): 

Gawain (at first visit): Arthur, I am in need of your immediate help!
	This Green Knight has challenged me to a duel, but he has overpowered me!
	I need some kind of special armor, and advantage over him!
	Armor he would never see coming.
	Arthur: We will keep our eyes open, be careful Gawain, we will return

Gawain(Click on Dove): Arthur: What a lovely bird. Let me see if it can follow me.
		You got Pure White Dove! This bird trusts you, it seems to know you are special. 

Gawain(Give Armored Girdle) : Gawain: This is the most curious of armor!
		{Animations Gawain puttin on kneck}
		Well, that seems to fit there.
		Now, Green Knight, we fight!
		{Small animation, Green Knight attacks Gawain, but he dodges, hits the Green Knight knocking him out}
		Ha! Take that!
		Arthur: Gawain, you have showed such bravery. 
		I invite you to a banquent at Camelot this evening, will you be attending?
		Gawain: But of course
		
{Path to castle is cleared, knight is gone}
		Arthur: Now that this was taken care of, let us head forward. 

Gawain (Click Castle Entrance): 

Castle (at first visit) Arthur: Who is that laying on the ground?

Castle (Click Man): Bors: Ugh... Arthur... is that you
	 Arthur:Good Sir Bors, what happened!?
	Bors: Arthur...
	It has been hours...
	Since I last ate
	Arthur: Oh Bors, get up, Lancelot needs your help!
	Bors: I cannot move, it pains me 
	Arthur: Fine, we will find you a snack.
Castle (Give Soup): Bors: SOUP! I love soup, give me!
	Arthur: Patience Sir Bors, here
	{Bors eats soup animation}
	Bors: Oh, thank you Arthur. 
	I will travel to Lancelot!
	I hope he has some more food...

Castle (click on clearing):

Clearing(at first visit):
	Arthur: An empty field. There doesn't seem to be anything here
	But I hear some people in the distance, it might be worth it to travel in the forest or to that keep in the distance. 

Clearing (Click To Forest):

Forest (at first visit):
	Arthur: I could have sworn I head a voice in this direction
	There doesn't seem to be anyone here
	???: Hellow down there! Arthur, is that you?
	Arthur: Who summons me, show yourself!
	Agravain: Calm yourself Arthur, it's just me, Sir Agravain.
	Agravain: I am up in this tree, looking for a certain dove
	Arthur: Why Sir Agravain?
	Agravain: This dove was a gift from a fair maiden
	It is the purest of white, an immaculate bird!
	Arthur: My friend here and I will help you search.
	We shall return when we find a clue.

Forest (Give Dove to Agravain):
	Agravain: Is that.... whoa!
	{Agravain falls from tree}
	Agravain: Oof... I'm okay. 
	Is that the purest of white doves?
	Arthur: It would seem so.
	Agravain: Oh thank you! Now I can sleep at night, knowing my honor is protected
	How embarassing would it be if I had lost a gift.
	{Bird starts singing}
	Agravain: Such a beatiful song.
	My king, this bird is fit for someone of your splendor
	Take this bird, a gift from a fair maiden, as a token of my gratitude.
	Arthur: I humbly accept, thank you.
	Agravain: OH! I just remembered I promised Lancelot I would meet him hours ago! 
	Farewell Arthur, see you later
	
Get Singing Dove: You were given a Singing Dove. The dove is singing a lovely song, it could probably calm even the meanest spirits. 

Forest (Click to Keep):
Keep (on first visit):

	{Mordred and Monster fight}
	Mordred: Savage worm, I am Mordred! Heir to the throne of Camelot
	Bow before me and surrender!
	Arthur: Mordred, what are you doing, be careful!
	Mordred: Arthur, why are you here! 
	Can't you see I am busy.
	I don't need your help!
	Arthur (to player): Such a foolish boy. 
	It seems he is having some problems fighting that monster
	I think if we could cause of distraction, Mordred could win
	{Arthur yells} 
	Arthur: That doesn't seem to have worked. 
	It would seem the two are too busy to notice, we need to find a different sort of noise
	
Keep (Use Singing Dove): {The bird flies to a branch and begins singing}
	{Mordred and the Monster look up, the monster stares at the bird}
	Mordred: HA! Take this
	{He stabs his sword into the monster, who falls over}
	Morded" Farewell savage monster
	Arthur, did you see that, I bested that monster with no problems
	I didn't need your help, see?
	Arthur: Of course Morded...
	Hey, there's a banquent tonight at Camelot, you should attend
	Mordred: We'll see
	{Mordred leaves}
	Arthur: We have all the knights!
	We should head back and help Lancelot, he might need more help.

Lancelot_Dawn(forest background shows sunset slightly):
	Lancelot: Bors, Agravain... what took you so long?
	Bors: Sorry sir, I was fighting a bear!
	Agravain: You dope, you were probably napping
	Lancelot: Enough! Now that you two are here, we can finally look for the grail
	Oh, Arthur
	Hello my king, did you want to help us look for the grail?
	Arthur: But of course, with {Name} by my side this should be no problem. 

{In this portion, the game opens to a new forest with interactive things sprinkled on it. The grail is hidden in one of these objects, chosen randomly}
Lancelot_Dawn (Get Grail): You found the Holy Grail. Camelot will be known through the lands as the home to this spectacular piece of history!

	Arthur: {Name} You have truly done Camelot a great service. 
	Your investigation skills and ability to pick up on clues is unmatched
	I am honored to call you a knight of my round table
	Let us feast!
	{Fade out}
	
	{Fade In}
{scene of long table at a castle, sprites animating showing activity, all old characters (except monster/green knight) are present}

	Narration: Arthur and his Round Table celebrate your glories
	You have completed the investigation and found all of Arthur's knights
	Now rest brave hero, you have earned it.

{Credits!}
